Alright, it's let's move back in here
with step four of updating the search components
to send data to the search route.
So the user is going to enter their search text,
they're going to click the search button.
Then the search component has a click handler method.
So we basically read the search text,
we route the data to the search component
and this will be handled by the ProductLlistComponent.
And now you may wonder,
why is it being handled by the ProductLlistComponent,
because basically, we want to reuse the logic and view
for listing products,
we already have that functionality in place,
instead of reinventing the wheel
we'll simply reuse that given ProductLlistComponent.
And we'll see more of this as we get into the coding.
Alrighty, so here's the actual HTML page
where the user is going to enter their data.
So atop we have our template reference value
giving us access to the element
at the bottom here Event fired
when the user clicks the mouse button.
And also the Event's going to be fired
when the user hits the Enter key.
So here, we can actually retrieve the value
entered by the user, myInput.value,
we call this doSearch method
that's defined in our component.
And remember, we can give it any name.
Here's our component code.
So here's the method, doSearch.
And this maps over to the HTML page,
doSearch passing in the value.
We simply log the method
and then we say this.router.navigateByUrl,
so we're going to route to our search route,
it's going to be handled by the ProductLlistComponent
will pass over that search data.
And again, we're going to reuse the logic and view
for listing our products.
So we're not a search by category
here we're going to search by keyword,
but here it will send it back to the same component
for viewing and the list of products.
Alrighty Step five,
enhancing the components to search for products
with product service.
So this is our ProductLlistComponent.ts,
we simply read the actual keyword.
So remember, that comes in as a parameter
based on our route configuration.
So this is passed in from the Search component
based on that little code that we had in the previous slide.
So /search/value,
whatever the user entered in that little text field.
And then we'll use that to call
productservice.searchproducts that we pass in the key word.
Alrighty, step six is
updating the product service to call the URL
on the Spring Boot app.
So this is our productservice.ts
So here's the URL for searching for products.
So search/findByNameContaining?name=
we plug in that parameter that's passed in.
And then we call that REST API.
This returns an observable,
we map the JSON data from Spring Data REST
to a product array.
And then we simply unwrap the JSON
from Spring Data REST using that underscore embedded entry.
And this is all coding that we've seen before
for making restful calls from Angular to a backend API.
Okay, this looks pretty good at this point.
Let's go ahead and move in to our IDE.
And let's start writing the code.
So I'll see you in the next video.